[Applause]
would you rather live in a haunted house
real haunted house or a gingerbread
house haunted why haunted not boring
mm-hmm and you could do the way to
handle that you just say you're dead
it's okay move on and they will actually
leave the house do you know that for a
fact this is from a movie script what's
the difference if you had to sneak a
parrot through airport security how
would you do it
perch it on top of a hat like an
adornment Oh Oh Queen yes next question
seriously I'm on fire when you were a
little kid did your mother ever lick her
finger and smooth out your eyebrows no
my mother doing the smooth to your
eyebrows yeah make sure there they were
smooth with her spent Wow
it's that strange it's a little bit too
mom
kudos to yours for not doing that
Smirnoff number 21 vodka they use a lot
of lights ridiculous questions
[Applause]